Felipe França Nogueira
Contato
Rio de Janeiro
+5521969689811 (Mobile)
felipefrancanogueira@gmail.
com
Full Stack Software Engineer React | React Native | NodeJS | Ruby
on Rails | Python | Clean Code | TDD
Rio de Janeiro, Brasil
www.linkedin.com/in/
felipefrancanogueira (LinkedIn)
Resumo
Fullstack developer with knowledge of Python, ReactJS, React
native and in Database like SQL Server, MySQL, SQLite, Postgresql.
Always focused on doing a good job and gaining new knowledge
Github Profile: https://github.com/Felipefn15
Principais competências
Django
Flask
Software Infrastructure
Languages
Experiência
Português (Native or Bilingual)
English (Full Professional)
Originate
Full-stack Developer
outubro de 2024 - Present (9 meses)
California, United States
Certifications
Introdução a python
MYSQL I: INICIANDO SUAS
CONSULTAS

In this role, I worked as a senior full-stack developer across multiple projects,
utilizing React/Next.js for web development and TypeScript throughout. I have
Cambridge English Preliminary Test
(PET)
substantial experience integrating AI technologies, including OpenAI ChatGPT,
Gemi, and other AI agents, to build intelligent, scalable solutions. Additionally, I
Tailwind
leveraged Redis and LangChain to optimize system performance and enhance
Open ai and Langchain
overall functionality.
Skills: Git · React · Next.js · TypeScript · Redis · LangChain · OpenAI ·
ChatGPT · Gemi · AI Agent Integration
Basis
Full Stack Developer
agosto de 2024 - Present (11 meses)
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
As a Full Stack Software Engineer at Basis, I contribute to building cutting-
edge software solutions that empower companies to shape their futures. My
role involves working on both front-end and back-end technologies, including
VueJS and Nuxt, Node.js, and various databases, to deliver scalable and high-
performance applications. Collaborating closely with cross-functional teams, I
ensure our clients receive exceptional solutions tailored to their specific needs.
Sierra Studio
Page 1 of 5
Full-stack Developer
novembro de 2023 - junho de 2024 (8 meses)
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Currently working as a senior full-stack developer on various projects,
using React/Next.js for web development and React Native for mobile,
with Tamagui as a unified mobile + web library, all with TypeScript. I have
significant experience integrating AI solutions, such as OpenAI ChatGPT,
Gemi, and other AI agents, to create intelligent and dynamic experiences
across platforms. My expertise also includes utilizing MongoDB, Redis, and
LangChain to develop and optimize scalable solutions.
Skills: Git · React Native · Tamagui · Next.js · TypeScript · MongoDB · Redis ·
LangChain · OpenAI · ChatGPT · Gemi · AI Agent Integration
Robbyson
Full Stack Engineer
setembro de 2023 - novembro de 2023 (3 meses)
Brazil
Creating responsive frontend, improving UX and UI for the end user in React
applications.
Skills: Web Development · GitLab · CI/CD · Object-Oriented Programming
(OOP) · Microservices · Code Review · Functional Specifications · React
Hooks · REST APIs · React.js · Node.js · MongoDB · GraphQL · Apollo client ·
Storybook · Microfrontends · Redux · Eslint · JS ES6 · Gitlab · Angular 14
Kanon Gaming Limited
Full Stack Developer
agosto de 2022 - agosto de 2023 (1 ano 1 mês)
Malta
Working as a fullstack senior developer in IGaming company, using nextJs on
the frontend and nodeJS on the backend, everything with typescript. Working
in a team with two junior developers, I schedule two hour per week with each
of them, so we can do some pair programming, and follow the gitflow with PR
approval. As a developer I'm focused on bringing new features on the frontend
and improving the user experience, like connecting with the main Swedish
Government's application, so the user can login using the unique personal
number. And on the back I'm responsible to deal with all the external providers
and third partners, including all the game provides and all the baking and
payment process.
Page 2 of 5
ReactJs, NextJs, Typescript, Redux, Eslint, JS ES6, Gitlab, Webflux, Angular
14
NodeJS
UX/UI Platforms: Figma, AdobeXD
GCP

Main language: English
Fetchly Labs
Full Stack Software Engineer
março de 2021 - agosto de 2022 (1 ano 6 meses)
Helping mid-sized american businesses leverage their potential with
transformative technologies.
Working as a fullstack senior developer for different projects, using React
on web and React Native on mobile and Ruby on Rails on the backend,
everything with typescript. I worked in three different projects, One was a chat
app, focused on privacy. So we create some features to control permissions
and clean messages after a certain amount of time. Another project was
a pattern of National Geographic, so we used VR/AR to bring some new
adventure opportunities to elderly people during the lockdown.
Currently working with React, Angular, React Native, Ruby on Rails and
Detox(E2E testing).
• React Native
• Redux
• Ruby on Rails
• Detox
• TDD

• Tailwind CSS
• GraphQL
• Apollo client
• Storybook
•  Eslint
• JS ES6

• Gitlab
Pixelwolf
Front end Developer
outubro de 2020 - março de 2021 (6 meses)
Brazil
Page 3 of 5
Working as a Frontend developer for different projects, using React, NextJS,
VueJS, everything with typescript and using GraphQL to connect with the
backend. I worked in two different projects in that company, first was a
rent apartment project, apto.vc, we built this app using nextJS so the client
would have a quick response to check the pages because of the Server-side
rendering.  Another project was jovemnerd.com.br, one of the biggest portals
of geek and nerd culture in Brazil and one of the most listened to podcasts in
the world!
Technologies used, ReactJs, NextJs, Typescript, Angular, Tailwind css,
graphQL, apollo client, storybook, microfrontends, redux, eslint, JS ES6
BRQ Digital Solutions
Junior FullStack Developer
agosto de 2020 - outubro de 2020 (3 meses)
Rio de Janeiro, Brasil
Working as a Fullstack developer, focused on React and python, I work on
different projects. I was using Python to create a lot of endpoints with flask
and consuming some third party endpoints. Working on a banking client I was
dealing with multiple transactions simultaneously, so using python and aws,
we created good and stable connections with some microservices.
Fullstack developer responsible for developing applications using C # .NET |
MVC WebApi | .NET Core (REST and SOAP), SQLServer, React JS, Angular |
Software solutions for banks and the financial market.
Stone
System Developer
novembro de 2019 - agosto de 2020 (10 meses)
Rio de Janeiro Area, Brazil
Working as a Fullstack developer, focused on Angular 13, React and python,
I was based on the logict team inside this payment company. I was using
Python to create a lot of endpoints with flask and consuming some third party
endpoints. I developed an online map where the security team would be able
to track some of our projects. create some small scripts that speeded up the
operational work in more than 35% and became more dynamic.
Fullstack developer responsible for developing web applications using
technologies with Python, Postgresql, React, C #, Tailwind css, among others.
ETL experience using python API with PostgreSQL to extract SQL server data.
NeoSyx Desenvolvimento
2 anos 2 meses
Page 4 of 5
Full Stack Engineer
fevereiro de 2019 - novembro de 2019 (10 meses)
Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Full developer I
Systems developer in React, Delphi and using SQL Server as database,
making contacts with the company's customers, conducting the requirements
gathering for the initialization of the development process, functional and
technical documentation of the system to be developed, carrying out
homologation together to the client, file manipulation (.csv and .xlsx), creation
of DLLs, creation of graphics with TChart. event-oriented programming, object-
oriented programming.
Junior Full Stack Engineer
outubro de 2017 - fevereiro de 2019 (1 ano 5 meses)
Rio de Janeiro e Região, Brasil
Systems developer in React, Delphi and using SQL Server as database,
making contacts with the company's customers, manipulating files (.csv
and .xlsx), creating DLLs, creating graphics with TChart. event-oriented
programming, object-oriented programming.
Formação acadêmica
Universidade Veiga de Almeida
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Systems Development Analyst · (dezembro
de 2018 - março de 2023)
Page 5 of 5